hey doing I'm the driver you call to
take on the girlfriend the credit card
was invalid okay
you're not gonna ask me if she got home
okay I'm gonna need you cameras
cellphones anything you might have used
to record what you did to her tonight
knocked on the wrong door tonight pops
it was a Star Trek yes sir you make sure
I get a five-star rating
[Music]
Hubbard I don't think it's great you
helping all these random people and
everything but that's not gonna fill
that hole in your heart
I'm obligated to tell you these things
fun mailman friend of that
[Music]
Mac Susan's car this is worked in a
dangerous world what did the video all
the surveillance something else went on
in that room oh did this whoever we're
looking for on a high level of assassins
cleaning up nobody's safe
[Music]
you have no idea what you just started
got it back with you going to walk with
me
[Music]
unleash the beast mistake they made was
that killed my friend there's no coming
back from this
we all got to pay for our sins
[Music]